Plan for the finish of fixing stereognosis:

1. MAIN: Make protocol loop in a separate thread from GUI, transfer all device interfacesto Protocol class. DONE
1.5 Make monitor in the GUI that updates the state based on the running loop of the trials. Or directly give access to the elements? DONE: gave direct acceess.
1.6 Automatic looping logic enabled. DONE
2. CAMERAS: 
    0. Move recording functions from GUI thread, add monitor for state in the Protocol. DONE
    0.1 Make GUI objects controlled from Protocol. DONE
    0.2 Move directory management to the Protocol. DONE
    0.3 Move trial run to Protocol, as well as trial number. DONE
	i. Add response on finishing saving files, DONE
	ii. add displayed error when could not set maximum framerate, DONE
	iii. add button to check maximum framerate available (if connected as USB 2 or 3). DONE
	iv. selection of the default camera preset based on computer's IP? DONE
    v. Make prepare camera recording initialize the cameras if not initialized. BAD IDEA - cameras need to be checked to be USB 3 anyway, maybe in the future
3. PRESSURE SENSOR:
    i. Remove calculation of success from the pressure sensor - it will be calculated in the main protocol. The server should answer to a message requesting whether either sensor crossed the threshold, e.g. int crossedLeft and int crossedRight.
    ii. Add a message to which the sensors reply if the trial has finished and all data has been saved.
    iii. Ensure that when the "start trial" message arrives, but the previous one has not finished, it replies with failure, and does not start the new trial.
    iv*. Cleaner architecture. Possible decreasing the number of parallel processes or Tasks that are running. This is not critical, but may be a better way to work with the code. If you feel like some other architecture would fit more, please tell me.

4. MAIN: 
    v. Motor hub. DONE
    v.0 load config file. DONE
    v.1 Add a button for Home. DONE
	i. Load the session CSV (default to the latest from a folder - make a GUI field) into a series of vectors. DONE
	ii. Go through them stopping the protocol when it runs out of trials. DONE
	iii. Update GUI integration of the storage folder. DONE
    iv. GUI control of the looping logic gate. 
    vi. Testing flags only try to launch something and don't break. DONE
    vii. Finalize GUI enable-disable controls DONE
    viii. Logging of trials
5. SERVERS:
    i. Check if can catch connecting to nonexistant server - BAD IDEA can cause problems during servers disapperaring and reappearing.
